# **AndroidIDE v2.1.0-beta**

AndroidIDE v2.0.0-beta is here with new features, improvements, bug fixes and a whole new

### Important notes

- The `HOME` and `SYSROOT` directories has been renamed to `home` and `usr` respectively.
- The packages for the AndroidIDE terminal has been updated. But, it requires you to reinstall the
  bootstrap packages. Please follow [this](https://t.me/androidide_discussions/30564) guide to
  install the new bootstrap packages.
- Android 12 devices no longer need to use 32-bit build tools. You can simply reinstall AndroidIDE
  with 64-bit build tools.
- You can now easily open/show the `ide-environment.properties` file using the `ideenv` command.
  Execute :
    - `ideenv -e`: To edit the environments file. Uses `nano` editor to edit.
    - `ideenv -s`: To print the contents of the file in the terminal.
- The minimum Android Gradle Plugin version required to build projects in AndroidIDE is now set to
  version `7.2.0`. The build process will fail for projects using older versions. However, those
  projects would still be able to build with terminal.
- The installation process in this version vastly different from previous version. Please
  see [this](https://github.com/itsaky/androidide-build-tools#installing-in-androidide) for the new
  installation process.

### Additions

- Warn about empty body for the following statements :
    - `if`
    - `else`
    - `try`
    - `catch`
    - `finally`
    - `for`
    - `while`
    - `do while`
- New java code actions :
    - `Generate toString()`: Overrides the `toString()` method for the current class. Always
      accessible.
    - `Generate constructor`: Allows the user to select fields from the current class, then
      generates a constructor with those fields as parameters.
    - `Remove unused imports`: Removes imports that are not used in the source file.
    - `Import orderer`: Organizes the imports. Thanks to @MrIkso (#180).
- XML Code formatter. Thanks to @MrIkso (#182).
- New Gradle command line options: `--build-cache` and `--offline`. Thanks to @MrIkso (#180).
- Highlight IDE logs based on the log line priority.
- Option to share Build Output, App log and IDE logs as text file.
- Syntax highlighting for Kotlin and C/C++ language. Thanks to @MrIkso (#196).
- Highlight hex color code in string literals. Thanks to @MrIkso (#209).
- Save all files before executing any build process. (#209).
- New Template: Jetpack Compose. Thanks to @BanDroid (#198).
- Added Brazilian Portuguese translations. Thanks to @ghost (#165).

### Removals

- `$ANDROID_HOME/cmake/bin` is no longer prefixed to the `PATH` variable.
- Removed syntax highlighting from log views.

### Fixes

- Crash when performing 'Replace all' action in editor (#158).
- Crash when layout inflation fails (#168).
- Always show toasts on UI thread (#160).
- Fixed: Invalid log line formatting when tag to too long.
- Fixed: Application crashes when layout inflation fails (#168).
- Fixed: Invalid syntax highlighting for text tags in XML files. Thanks to @MrIkso (#180).
- Memory leaks in some fragments. Thanks to @MrIkso (#209).
- Fixed: Extra empty `new line` gets appendend to files while saving.
- Fixed: `SuperNotCalledException` in `DesignerActivity` (#214). Thanks for @MrIkso (#219).

### Improvements

- Do not show 'Cut' & 'Paste' action if editor is not editable.
- Include `aapt2` in IDE itself. The IDE now automatically
  specifies `android.aapt2FromMavenOverride` property while building projects.
- Use [ported version of NetBeans' `nb-javac`](https://github.com/itsaky/nb-javac-android) for Java
  language server.
- Removed extra Maven repository URLs from project templates. Thanks to @MrIkso (#188).
- Show progress indicator when initializing project
- Update dependency versions in project templates and update the Kotlin project template image.
  Thanks to @BanDroid (#191).
- Ability to cache completion results for faster completions on next completion request.
- Use Gradle v7.4.2 in template projects and updated template dependencies Thanks to @MrIkso (#209).
- The project creator UI and logic has been improved (#209).
- Use of `libhook.so` is now optional and is DISABLED by default. This hook is only required if you
  use JDK 11 and if you have an Android 11 or lower device.
- JDK 17 is now preferred by the IDE. It looks for JDK 11 only if JDK 17 is not found on
  path `$SYSROOT/opt/openjdk`.
- Implemented incremental analysis for supported languages.
- Updated Hindi translations. Thanks to @Premjit-Chowdhury (#171).
- Updated Russian translation. Thansk to @AndreyKozhev (#181 and #220).
- Updated Chinese translations. Thanks to @mikofe (#192).
- Added missing translations for PT-BR. Thanks to @ghost (#176).

## New Contributors

* @BryanGIG made their first contribution in https://github.com/AndroidIDEOfficial/AndroidIDE/pull/179
* @MrIkso made their first contribution in https://github.com/AndroidIDEOfficial/AndroidIDE/pull/180
* @AndreyKozhev made their first contribution in https://github.com/AndroidIDEOfficial/AndroidIDE/pull/181

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/AndroidIDEOfficial/AndroidIDE/compare/v2.0.1-beta...v2.1.0-beta