# **AndroidIDE v2.1.4-beta**

This release improves the UI Designer, adds support for custom custom color schemes in editor and much more.

## Important notes
- Enjoy an experience closer to your device with Dynamic colors support in AndroidIDE. This is enabled by default but can be disabled in IDE preferences.
- The IDE now has a light theme. The light/dark themes are automatically switched based on your system theme. However, you can switch to other theme in IDE preferences.
- Support for custom editor color schemes has been added (only for Java and XML languages at the moment). The color schemes can be customized by editing the files in `$HOME/.androidide/editor/schemes` folder.
- The UI designer has been rewritten from scratch. It now has support for more views, undo/redo, better resource resolution, etc.

## Additions
- Light IDE theme.
- Material You (dynamic colors) support.
- Support for custom color schemes.
- Empty project template without AndroidX libraries. Thanks to @Rystars (#620).
- Option to clone Git repository. Thanks to @Deenu143 (#632).
- The IDE now remembers the opened files and reopens them automatically when the project is reopened.

## Fixes

The following issues has been fixed : 

- Activity is restarted when it is not focused during installation process (#628).
- NPE when appending log lines (#605).
- Editor is overlapped by SymbolInputView (#589).
- Crash on clicking the `Preview layout` action if a non-XML file is opened (#666).
- R.jar completions are not updated after resource updates.

## Improvements
- Improved UI designer. Thanks to @deepkrg17 for view adapter implementations (#673, #680).
- Better handling of device configuration changes.
- Replaced file tab actions with `PopupMenu`.
- Improved transitions for bottom bar in editor activity.
- Updated translations. Thanks to all Crowdin contributors.