# **AndroidIDE v2.1.3-beta**

This release brings various improvements and bug fixes to AndroidIDE.

## Important notes

> _The UI designer has been TEMPORARILY removed as we are working on integrating it with the new projects API for better and improved layout inflation/preview._

## Additions
- The IDE now creates `.nomedia` file in the `PROJECTS` directory if the file does not already exist. Thanks to @jayx003 (#489).
- Added XML formatter.
- You can now long click on completion items to open documentation. Works only for Android framework classes, methods and fields.
- Added option to choose custom font for editor and terminal. Thanks to @deepkrg17 (#548).
- Readded `Clear Gradle cache` preference. Thanks to @deepkrg17 (#587).

## Removals
- The UI designer.

## Fixes
- Some classes not being shown in completion (#500).
- APK metadata cannot be parsed for release builds (#470).
- Extra closing curly brace when formatting Java code (#504).
- Crash on closing cached ZipFileSystem for deleted files (#535).
- Invalid `java.lang.*` imports when creating Java files.
- `Expand selection` does not select expanded range (#557).
- Generated getters and setters are package private (#559).
- Physical keyboard does not work in terminal (#287).
- Diagnostic window is partly invisible for long messages (#565).
- Text actions window overlaps diagnostic window (#570).

## Improvements

- Use session based installer for APK installations. Intent based installer is still used for MIUI.
- Replaced the `Build` actions menu with the new `Run tasks` dialog. This allows the user to run multiple tasks from the projects.
- Dismiss editor popup windows when the editor loses focus. Thanks to @Devendra34 (#494).
- The text actions windows is now NOT dismissed for certain actions (#393).
- Replaced action bar searcher with bottom bar.
- The IDE now does not set `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` variable to provide (partial) support for projects with room DB.
- Synchronize append and delete in build output (#540).
- The `--info` argument is now disabled by default. It is now used for first build only.
- Updated Bengali translations. Thanks to @deepkrg17 (#514, #522).
- Updated Chinese translations. Thanks to @mikofe (#528).
- Updated Portuguese translations. Thanks for @FrioGitHub (#456).