# **AndroidIDE v2.1.2-beta**

This release focuses mostly on the LSP implementations.

## Important notes

- Most of the things are now dependent on the initialization of the project, including the Java and XML LSP, find in project, etc. So, it is highly recommended that you wait for the project to be initialized properly.

## Additions

- New project templates. By @MrIkso (#226).
- New file icons in tree view. By @AndreyKozhev (#374, #380).
- Horizontal + vertical (expanded) editor actions window.
- Symbol input for text and other files. By @AndreyKozhev (#400).
- Support for range code formatting. By @AndreyKozhev (#405).
- You can now choose to open a file with external application. By @AndreyKozhev (#442).
- Added a preference to toggle usage of soft tabs.
- Added a 'No activity' template. By @AndreyKozhev (#462).
- Added Bengali translations. By @deepkrg17 (#331, #368, #463).

## Fixes

Following issues have been fixed in this release :

- Incomplete classpath provided by the Tooling API implementation.
- Broken import auto completion (#225).
- Crash caused due to access to binding in a destroyed fragment/activity (#257, #260).
- Crash when initializing language servers.
- Crash when searching in project.
- Crash when closing project (#353).
- Crash trying to list files after FileTreeFragment has been destroyed.
- Error when pressing back in `CrashHandlerActivity`.
- Progress indicator hides even if the build is still in progress.
- Exception is thrown when Tooling API thread is already started. By @MatheusTGamerPro (#325).
- Tree view cannot be scrolled horizontally to the left (#340).
- Chevron icon not updated for directories in tree view (#340).
- Node not removed from file tree after rename/deletion event of file.
- Attribute editor layouts are not scrollable (#329).
- Images open as text files in editor (#316).
- Dark link colors in About activity (#361).
- Added switch to toggle the use of ICU lib (#95).
- Window leak when activity is being destroyed and there are unsaved files.
- Cannot find attribute `app:popupOverlay` in template projects.
- Invalid icons shown for files in search results (#389).
- Fixed a bug that caused `SymbolInputView` to show nothing. By @AndreyKozhev (#400).
- Options menu items are not updated in some cases.
- Options menu items are cleared when a build is in progress and the IDE is minimized.
- File not saved after returning from UI designer.
- Improper handling of APK redirect file when installing APK (#470).

## Improvements

- Improved Java and XML completions.
- Updated `aapt2` binaries.
- Action menus are disabled if all of its children are disabled.
- Hide tab layout when no files are opened (#330).
- Do not show full error message when layout inflation fails (#274).
- Use Storage Access Framework (SAF) for picking directories.
- 'Preview layout' item now has more priority than other options menu icons (#243).
- Do not show editor actions window when in search mode.
- Use relative padding in TreeView to support RTL layouts.
- Updated crash report. By @AndreyKozhev (#460).
- Updated German translations (#466).
- Updated Hindi translations. By @Premjit-Chowdhury (#443).
- Updated Russian translations. By @AndreyKozhev (#237, #292, #363, #395, #461).
- Updated Portuguese translations. By @MatheusTGamerPro (#286) and @FrioGitHub (#398).
