# AndroidIDE v2.4.0-beta

This release fixes some minor issues and adds some important features including tree-sitter syntax highlighting support for Kotlin and JSON files.

## Important notes

_No notes_

## Additions

- Added a preference to disable java source code analysis (EXPERIMENTAL).
- Added support for syntax highlighting Java package name, imports and field accesses.
- Tree Sitter syntax highlighting support has been added for the following languages :
  - Kotlin - `kt` and `kts` files.
  - JSON - `json` files.
- Added option to reload color schemes at runtime.
- Root project directory is now shown in the file tree to allow working with files in the project root.
- There is now a file size limit of `10MB` for the editor. This means that the users will NOT be able to open files larger than `10MB` in the editor.
- An asterisk (`*`) is now shown before the file names of files that have been modified in the editor.
- Files with same name are now distinguishable when opened in editor.
- Translations have been updated. Thanks to the [Crowdin project members](https://crowdin.com/project/androidide/members).

## Fixes

- Java code completion becomes unresponsive when completions are requested in an anonymous class ([bdd119d](https://github.com/AndroidIDEOfficial/AndroidIDE/commit/bdd119d63153ece5acba811945ac0ac0a30a2f62)).
- Fully qualified names are inserted when a XML tag completion item is selected (#837).
- IDE closes on reopening a project (#798).
- Editor lags on continuously deleting text.
- Avoid crash if the device doesn't support `OPEN_DOCUMENT_TREE` intent action.
- `EventBus` is sometimes reinstalled multiple times, resulting in a crash (#809).
- Trying to reinitialize project when the tooling server is not started results in a crash (#847).
- Tab text is not updated when an opened file is renamed. This leads to another copy of the same file.
- Fixed some memory leaks.

## Improvements

- Improved colors in editor windows.
- Signture help window is now given more priority over the diagnostics window. This means, if the signature help window is visible to the user, the diagnostics window will not be shown.
- The IDE now releases some unnecessary resources when a file is deleted or renamed.