# AndroidIDE v2.5.0-beta

This minor release fixes a lot of bugs while adding some necessary features and improvements.

Thanks to all the people who have contributed to this release (including our [`Crowdin translators`](https://github.com/AndroidIDEOfficial/AndroidIDE/blob/dev/CROWDIN_CONTRIBUTORS.md)).

## Important notes

- AndroidIDE now has a blog! [Visit the blog page](https://androidide.com/blogs/) to find updates/tutorials related to AndroidIDE.

- The documentation has been moved to the website. [Visit the docs](https://androidide.com/docs/).

- AndroidIDE now collects fully anonymous statistics to help us better understand our user base. The statistics data that is shared with us can be viewed in preferences. We want to assure you that the statistics collection feature is entirely optional and you can easily opt out of this data collection anytime.

- [@john-peterson](https://github.com/john-peterson) is our first ever GitHub Sponsor!

## Additions

- Code snippets are now supported for Java files. Snippets appear in the code completion window and insert a pre-defined piece of code when selected. [Learn more](https://androidide.com/blogs/update/2023/04/08/code-snippets-in-androidide/+).
- New Java code action: `Fix imports`
    - Use this action to import all non-imported classes at once.
- A brand new `LogSender` implementation which fixes a lot of related issues. [Learn more](https://androidide.com/blogs/category-na/2023/04/15/logsender-in-androidide-v250-beta/).
- Templates can now be created in Java or Kotlin and with or without Kotlin DSL.
- Added preferences for deleting empty lines fast and deleting multiple spaces at once.
- XML tags are now automatically closed when you type `/`.
- `.gitignore` file is now automatically generated when creating new projects (#1014).
- You can now dump AndroidIDE logs from `logcat` to `$HOME/.androidide/logs` directory. This will be useful for us to help us debug issues.

## Fixes

- Content modification status is not updated sometimes (#878).
- Text action window in editor covers selected line when shown for the first time (#881).
- Crash while editing attribute values in UI designer (#873).
- Search mode is not disabled after `Find in file` action is executed, which results in text actions window not being shown (#871).
- Crash when trying to install APK on MIUI (#882).
- Occasional crash when opening Kotlin files (#872).
- Code completion in Gradle files pop up on every key press.
- Code completion items without `detail` field are not clickable.
- `Create missing method` action ignores tab width preference.
- `Expand selection` action does not work for expanding selection to parent tree of class declaration or package declaration.
- `ClassCastException` in progress sheet (#904).
- Text actions window is not shown when in search mode.
- Code completions sometimes import an already imported class.
- Crash due to build service instance not released from service binder (#870).
- `GridLayout` in UI designer is now limited to `rowCount * columnCount` children to avoid crash (#982).
- Language client tries to perform code actions when the activity is being destroyed (#950).
- The chevron icon is shown for files in file tree (#1015).
- Back button gesture doesn't work in main activity.
- NPE when executing `Add throws` action (#1050).
- Progress dialog is shown indefinitely when finding references to types or members.

## Removals

- Some of the project templates have been removed.

## Improvements

- Code actions now use your tab preference to indent generated code instead of the default 4-space indentation.
- `Create missing method` action can now create missing methods in classes defined in other files.
- The number of log lines that can be displayed in the log view has now been limited to 5000 lines. When the number of log lines reaches this limit, the IDE automatically trims the lines at the start. This helps in reducing load and memory usage.
- More actions are now available in the editor activity's toolbar for better accessibility. Thanks to @Smooth-E (#1019).
- Design improvements in the main activity. Thanks to @Smooth-E (#1023).

Thanks to @PranavPurwar for #1025, #1033.