# AndroidIDE Version v2.7.0-beta Changelog

This minor release fixes bugs while adding some necessary features and improvements.

Thanks to all the people who have contributed to this release (including our [Crowdin translators](https://github.com/AndroidIDEOfficial/AndroidIDE/blob/dev/CROWDIN_CONTRIBUTORS.md)).

## Important note

- The method of installing the build tools has changed a bit. You can now use the GUI method (shown during onboarding) or you can install the tools manually as usual. You'll have an option to select the installation method at the onboarding screen.

## Additions

- Termux application has now been integrated into the IDE. You can now spawn multiple, persistent sessions. The terminal packages are still limited as before.
- Support for `x86_64` CPUs has been added! You can now use AndroidIDE on emulators and WSA (Windows Subsystem for Android).
- This version adds a new onboarding experience for AndroidIDE (#1399).
- The 'About' screen has been updated to include information about the people who have contributed to the AndroidIDE project.

## Removals

_No removals_

## Bug fixes

- Fixed a crash when selecting/closing files (#1498).
- Invalid editor activity state when closing files twice (#1549).
- Crash when reading opened files cache (#1478).
- Crash when signature help is requested by typing `,` in the editor for Java files (#1447, #1484).
- Fixed a bug which caused the opened editors to be blank (no content) (#1551).
- Memory leak in editor activity (#1562).
- Fixed a bug which caused the LogSenderService to disconnect (#1385).
- Fixed a bug which caused a crash when selecting locales in preferences.
- Fixed a bug which caused `Material3` themes to be added in projects created with the `No AndroidX` template.

## Improvements

- Added missing `false`, `true`, `null` completions in Java files (#1506).
- Removed some spam logs (#1497, #1559).

We believe that you'll have a delightful experience using AndroidIDE v2.7.0-beta!
