			 SAX COPYRIGHT STATUS

Version 1.0 of the Simple API for XML (SAX), created collectively by
the membership of the XML-DEV mailing list, is hereby released into
the public domain.

No one owns SAX: you may use it freely in both commercial and
non-commercial applications, bundle it with your software
distribution, include it on a CD-ROM, list the source code in a book,
mirror the documentation at your own web site, or use it in any other
way you see fit.


			     NO WARRANTY

Because SAX is released to the public domain, there is no warranty for
the design or for the software implementation, to the extent permitted
by applicable law.  Except when otherwise stated in writing the
copyright holders and/or other parties provide SAX "as is" without
warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not
limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for
a particular purpose.  The entire risk as to the quality and
performance of SAX is with you.  Should SAX prove defective, you
assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.

In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing
will any copyright holder, or any other party who may modify and/or
redistribute SAX, be liable to you for damages, including any general,
special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or
inability to use SAX (including but not limited to loss of data or
data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by you or third
parties or a failure of the SAX to operate with any other programs),
even if such holder or other party has been advised of the possibility
of such damages.


David Megginson <sax@megginson.com>
1998-05-11

